CPLYTM-586 and CPLYTM-556: Improve configuration experience (#67)
complytime/complytime: cmd/openscap-plugin/README.md

│ ├── datastream.go       # Main code used to process Datastream files
│ ├── tailoring_test.go   # Tests for functions in tailoring.go
│ └── tailoring.go        # Main code used to generate tailoring files based on OSCAL and available Datastreams.
└── README.md             # This file
```

## Features

### Configuration

> The plugin have some parameter that can be configured via the manifest file. Check the quick start [guide](../../docs/QUICK_START.md) to see an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin has some parameters that can be configured via the manifest file. Check the quick start [guide](../../docs/QUICK_START.md) to see an example.
```

Author: Fixed

ComplyTime process the manifest file and send the configuration values to the plugin.

These are the configuration used by openscap-plugin:

> - **workspace**:  Directory used to read the tailoring file and to save oscap files generated during the scan

Reviewer: Might be good to add that is it set by `complytime` as well.

Author: I included an additional sentence there.
